You. Hello. Welcome to yet another episode of Baggage Unclaimed. In this space, we unpack really disturbing and deplorable videos from the deepest, darkest depths of the internet. What is scientifically known as really weird shit. I am Otis, your host, and today we have a particularly grotesque video to unpack. If you caught our previous episode, where we dissected the infamous Funky Town gore video, I promise to bring you the worst gore video that I have ever had the displeasure of watching. And here it is, the grotesque. Sponsored by Adidas Cartel execution video. This video is unnecessarily, brutal and violent. Just for the thrill of it, let us just get into it. The video is just a little over 60 seconds long, but it is enough to do some major damage to your psyche. The video opens with an action scene and the sound of death from the get go. Okay, that is the sound the guy makes anyway. There is a dude lying on a rugged concrete floor. It is rumored that he is 15 or 16 years old. His face is bloody, probably from a thorough beating. His hands are tied behind him. He has a bare chest and a pair of black pants. There is a dude in blue jeans wearing all white sneakers, stepping on his head. He is applying enough visible force to keep the victim's head pinned to the ground. The victim looks well looked after. He looks physically healthy with a chubby teenage build. Not big, not small. He looks like a dude that has at least three meals a day. There is another dude holding a sharp dagger. He is wearing a gray t shirt. And this is the dude that does most of the dirty work. Now that we have the scene set, the video gets right into cuttingburg. The dagger guy holds his dagger with both hands and stubs into the victim's chest. That is when he makes that harrowing sound you heard before. He holds the dagger with both hands and does that thing where you raise the dagger overhead and thrust it down with maximum force. He digs deep into the victim's chest and I am pretty sure he punctures his heart because the dagger goes into the victim's left chest area, just right above his left nipple. Your heart is located on the left side of your chest. Go ahead and check it out, genius. Anyway, the daggered dude slices through the victim's chest with tremendous force towards his belly in a straight line. This one cut lets out a gust of blood and what I am pretty sure is the victim's left lung pops out part of his left lung and other blobby organs come rushing out. That one cut is deep enough to get past the victim's ribcage and for some reason it becomes wide. Immediately after the cut is made, the daggered dude makes a small cut to the right, towards the victim's right breast, supposedly to widen the gigantic hole even further. Remember, the victim is very much alive during this whole thing. We are 18 seconds in and the daggered dude gets in with his right hand. Remember, the victim's left lung has popped out, part of it at least, because it has been sliced as well. So the Dagger dude is digging in, pushing these organs to the side, trying to push his hands further to grab the victim's heart. Think of it this way. You have a basket of laundry and you want something at the bottom. That is exactly what the dagger guy does inside the victim's chest cavity. At this point, the shot shifts and you can see that the Dagger dude is wearing something that looks like black leather boots and black pants, while the victim is only wearing a pair of tight stretchy boxers. The daggered dude is standing with his legs apart and bending over the victim to dig into the victim's chest with ease. The shot captures another dude with what I can tell is a military grade gun. He is wearing black sneakers with white stripes, which I guess are Adidas. I am not sure though, so do not sue me, Adidas. But in all fairness, the Adidas stripes are clearly seen. Anyway, the gun guy is just standing and watching. I am guessing he is having a blast because why the hell not? The daggered dude gets hold of the victim's lung, yanks it out a little bit and proceeds to try to cut it off. But his grip cannot hold tight because there is blood gushing out everywhere. Since the victim is still very much alive, please note that all these organs seem to be pumping and it looks like the victim's heart is pumping the most. If I'm being honest, it is a lot bigger than I thought. Anyway, whenever the victim tries to take a breath, his lungs contract and relax. At this point, he could not even breathe. He is just gasping for air because, well, his damn chest is wide open. We are 30 seconds into it when the Dagger dude gets a hold of the victim's beating heart and slices off a piece of it. As the Dagger Dude stands up, the victim is left on the ground, gasping for air and making choked coughs with blood everywhere. Whenever he inhales, his organs swell. Basically everything is popping out, including the lungs, heart and other things. But they have this convulsion motion that looks like a fully functioning body. By this point, the victim has begun to shake. At around 38 seconds in, the shot lifts to the Dagger dude holding the piece of heart in his left hand and the dagger in his right. He is a medium built guy, about 5ft seven inches tall. He is wearing a gray t shirt, black pants, black boots, a black ski mask, and most importantly, an Adidas baseball cap. On top of his ski mask, he looks chubby with a dad board. So I am guessing he is middle aged. The video takes a turn for the worst as the Dagger Dude slides down his stretchy ski mask from his eyes to reveal his nose and mouth. He then drops the piece of heart into his mouth and starts chewing as his buddies laugh and validation revolution. They cheer on for him as the shot shifts back to the victim who has his eyes and mouth closed and is taking deep gasps of air through his nose. But this does nothing since his lungs have been sliced. Whenever he gasps for air, his lung pops out of his chest cavity over and over and over again. The video freezes frame on the daggered Dude bending over the victim. So that is the infamous sponsored by Adidas Cartel execution video. If you'd like a deeper the video backstory and all, I recommend you check out a YouTube channel called Plagued Moth. He does great commentary on the subject and you will get a clearer picture of the whole thing. Please leave a thumbs up, subscribe to baggage unclaimed and leave a comment. Your engagement keeps the lights and heat on around here. This is Otis, your host.